right cooking first is a woman who for
me is the first lady of Irish cooking
many TV shows and books are incredibly
popular as he's a brilliant food every
time she cooks here on Saturday kitchen
it's of course Rachel Allen you team
great to have you on the show so what
are you doing you've got a three star
Michelin chef watching you I'm not
feeling the poor sausages and mash would
you mind peeling and chopping the I love
this meal you didn't cook this really
within an hour you know that potatoes
are the longest thing to cook here but
I've got a really lovely head of savoy
cabbage in this lovely dark crinkly
green leafy cabbage yeah so I'm going to
cut the head I'm just going to use about
a quarter of it for this and I just cook
the cabbage traditionally in Ireland the
cabbage would be cooked in the bacon
cooking water so once the bacon has
cooked the cabbage with your in and it
would be boiled for quite a long time
and that's really what turns lost people
off cabbage because they remember that
smell of the over boiled cabbage exactly
kale quite often as well there are
different areas of Ireland or literally
different families will put different
things in to cook Hanan and then you've
also got champ you know which has got
like peas and spring onions throw em
there are so many different versions the
kale is wonderful in it as well I think
that's enough cabbage I'm going to just
cook the cabbage in a little bit of
butter
I'm not going to boil it yeah better
better but it just really brings that
wonderful flavor kind of a nutty flavor
and just in the low heat so the cabbage
is nicely thinly sliced like yes
threw it in you know you can even add a
splash of water in just in case you
think it's going to stick and burn okay
okay
seasonless thanks James that Apple in in
there thank you apple sauce a little bit
of butter we could threw in there too
we're not wearing Ireland's thank you
yes exactly and it's cooking apples it's
gonna break down to let me kind of help
you yeah there's families in there as
well lovely
typical cookies always throw a little
bit more in later but yes exactly when
you can take it out okay too much in
that put some lemon juice in so while
the cabbage is on cooking and while the
apples are cooking I can mix up at the
sausage mixture right after I've got
this so for this I've got this gorgeous
minced pork and it's nice and fatty and
this is the key isn't it you know making
really good Foster's otherwise they'll
just be too dry which you really could
you chop some parsley chop some plastic
or sage time machine you could use it
from the shoulder actually the shoulder
will be perfect you know nice and fatty
yeah so a different age into the port
along with some bread crumbs as well all
in there yep thank you of course as I
said sage thyme rosemary will be good
too okay some breadcrumbs yes I have the
salmon actually yeah of course you do
when you want to test to see how these
taste and just for the drop on the
frying pan yeah and you know to cook
just a tiny little bit if it needs more
seasoning just add more in you don't
need any casing sausage casing see just
mix it together like that so just takes
the tiniest bit on that pan there could
be little round patties if you like if
the kids is running it to make and the
good thing about these is you can tell
you know you instantly know that they're
pure they haven't got anything else any
muck in that is a scary thing with sauce
and they're going to be cooked